c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\SensorTagMvvm.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\SensorTagMvvm.pdb
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\SensorTagMvvm.SensorTagMvvm.apk
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\SensorTagMvvm.SensorTagMvvm-Signed.apk
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Binding.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Binding.Droid.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Core.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Droid.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Droid.Shared.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Localization.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Platform.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Platform.Droid.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.BLE.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.BLE.Droid.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.Json.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Plugin.BLE.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Plugin.BLE.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Binding.dll.mdb
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Localization.dll.mdb
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Platform.dll.mdb
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.BLE.pdb
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.BLE.dll.mdb
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.BLE.Droid.pdb
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.BLE.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Plugin.BLE.pdb
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Plugin.BLE.xml
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Plugin.BLE.dll.mdb
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Plugin.BLE.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Plugin.BLE.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Plugin.BLE.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.xml
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\SensorTagMvvm.dll
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\SensorTagMvvm.pdb
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\bin\SensorTagMvvm.SensorTagMvvm.apk
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\maarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\res\layout\start_screen.xml
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\SensorTagMvvm.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\res\layout\bluetooth_item.xml
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.Export.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\System.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.Export.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\MvvmCross.Binding.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\MvvmCross.Localization.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\MvvmCross.Platform.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\MvvmCross.Plugins.BLE.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\MvvmCross.Plugins.BLE.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.BLE.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.BLE.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\SensorTagMvvm.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\SensorTagMvvm.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\res\layout\device_connected.xml
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\obj\Debug\SensorTagMvvm.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Maarten\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SensorTagMvvm\SensorTagMvvm\bin\Debug\SensorTagMvvm.dll.mdb
